You can totally do this.
Impossible is for the unwilling.
No pressure, no diamonds.
Stay foolish to stay sane.
When nothing goes right, go left.
Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
Don’t tell people your plans. Show them your results.
short inspirational quotes can and will unknown wisdom
I can and I will.
Take the risk or lose the chance.
Prove them wrong.
Good things happen to those who hustle. 
who is brave is free.  
short quotes solitary trees they grow all strong winston churchill wisdom
Solitary trees, if they grow at all, grow strong.
The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship.  
short quotes there saint without past sinner future wisdom
There is no saint without a past, no sinner without a future. 
No guts, no story. 
My life is my message.
Screw it, let’s do it.
Boldness be my friend.
Keep going. Be all in.
My life is my argument. 
Dream big. Pray bigger.
Leave no stone unturned. 
Fight till the last gasp. 
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.  
Broken crayons still color. 
And so the adventure begins.
If you want it, work for it.
You can if you think you can. 
Whatever you are, be a good one. 
Grow through what you go through.
Do it with passion or not at all.
She believed she could, so she did.
The past does not equal the future.
At the end of hardship comes happiness.
Don’t dream your life, live your dream.
If it matters to you, you’ll find a way.
Forget about style; worry about results.
Whatever you do, do with all your might.
Dream without fear. Love without limits.
Every noble work is at first impossible.
If you’re going through hell, keep going.
We are twice armed if we fight with faith.
The wisest mind has something yet to learn.
Open your mind. Get up off the couch. Move.
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.
Persistence guarantees that results are inevitable.
In life you need either inspiration or desperation.
I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees. 
The true success is the person who invented himself.
Let him that would move the world first move himself.
Go forth on your path, as it exists only through your walking.
We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough. 
It is better to live one day as a lion, than a thousand days as a lamb.
Life is fragile. We’re not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you’ve got.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and they day you find out why.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
You matter. 
You are loved.
Actually, you can.
Yes! Yes! You can do it!
Focus on the good.
You are doing great.
We rise by lifting others.
Be happy. Be bright. Be you.
Every day is a second chance.
You are amazing. Remember that.
Darling, you are a work of art.
Each day provides its own gifts. 
Happiness looks gorgeous on you.
You are capable of amazing things.
You are somebody’s reason to smile.
Nothing is worth more than this day. 
Think like a proton, always positive.
You are stronger than you think you are.
Focus on the journey, not the destination. 
Believe you can and you’re halfway there.  
Once you choose hope, anything’s possible.
You make mistakes. Mistakes don’t make you.
Breathe. It’s just a bad day, not a bad life.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
It’s okay to not be okay as long as you are not giving up.
If you feel like giving up, look back at how far you’ve come.
Every day may not be good but there is something good in every day.
Don’t go through life, grow through life.
You are amazing. As you are. Stronger than you know. More beautiful than you think.
Everything is going to be okay in the end. If it’s not the okay, it’s not the end.
Love.
Begin.
Let go.
Breathe.
Slow down.
Let it be.
Go for it.
I love you.
Keep going.
Choose joy.
Enjoy today.
C’est la vie.
Choose happy.
Keep it cool.
Take it easy.
Be in the now.
Live the moment.
Choose to shine.
No pain, no gain.
Do it. With love.
Love conquers all.
Keep your chin up.
Follow your heart.
Don’t rush things.
You only live once.
Never stop dreaming.
Now is all you have.
Keep moving forward.
This too shall pass.
Every moment matters.
Love more. Worry less.
Dust settles. I don’t.
Nothing lasts forever.
Work hard. Stay humble.
Enjoy the little things.
The best is yet to come.
Better things are coming.
Collect moments not things.
Feel the fear and do it anyway.
Life is too short to learn German.  
Why do they put pizza in a square box?
Do crabs think we walk sideways? 
Don’t be humble, you’re not that great.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
My life feels like a test I didn’t study for.
Why is there an expiration date on sour cream?
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol.
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.
In heaven, all the interesting people are missing.
The last woman I was in was the Statue of Liberty.
Women want love to be a novel. Men, a short story.
Guests, like fish, begin to smell after three days. 
Whoever named it necking is a poor judge of anatomy.
Change is inevitable – except from a vending machine.
I bet giraffes don’t even know what farts smell like.
Every novel is a mystery novel if you never finish it.
Why is the slowest traffic of the day called ‘rush hour’?
It’s easy to quit smoking. I’ve done it hundreds of times.
The risk I took was calculated, but man, I am bad at math.
I couldn’t repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder.
Do not read the next sentence. You little rebel, I like you.
Just when I discovered the meaning of life, they changed it.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won’t expect it back.  
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in a library?
I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by.
I never feel more alone than when I’m trying to put sunscreen on my back.
The key to eating healthy is not eating any food that has a TV commercial.
I’ve got to keep breathing. It’ll be my worst business mistake if I don’t.
There are three types of people in this world: those who can count, and those who can’t.
The closest a person ever comes to perfection is when he fills out a job application form.
No rain. No flowers. 
Shine like the stars.
You make my heart smile.
You will forever be my always.
Your voice is my favorite sound.
Throw kindness around like confetti.
My favorite place is inside your hug. 
I still fall in love with you every day.
You smile, I smile. That’s how it works.
She was a rainbow, but he was color blind.
We were born to be real, not to be perfect.
When I count my blessings, I count you twice.
If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life. 
When it rains look for rainbows. When it’s dark look for stars.
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you are the world.
I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you.
Be a voice. Not an echo. 
Seek the seeker.
Every wall is a door.
The only truth is music.
Silence is an answer too.
If youth knew; if age could.
Time is the soul of this world.
Stars can’t shine without darkness.
He not busy being born is busy dying.
It takes a long time to become young.
Be who you needed when you were young.
Innocence is courage and clarity both.
Find what you love and let it kill you.
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
I am not young enough to know everything. 
Life is like the ocean, it goes up and down.
The eyes are useless when the mind is blind.
If you’re not confused, you’re not paying attention.
You’ve gotta know what death is to know life.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.
Forgiveness is giving up hope for a better past.
Be kind to unkind people, they need it the most.
Character like a photograph, develops in darkness.
Life is a question and how we live it is our answer.
God provides the wind, but man must raise the sails.
Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.
Enlightenment is when a wave realizes it is the ocean.
The truth isn’t always beauty, but the hunger for it is.
This is your life, and it’s ending one minute at a time.
Hearts are wild creatures, that’s why our ribs are cages.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
Your faith can move mountains and your doubt can create them.
The knowledge of happiness brings the knowledge of unhappiness.
There are those who give with joy, and that joy is their reward.
Life is the car, your heart is the key and God is the chauffeur.
You are not a drop in the ocean. You are the entire ocean in a drop.
Normality is a paved road: it’s comfortable to walk, but no flowers grow on it.
One is never afraid of the unknown; one is afraid of the known coming to an end.
When you’re happy you enjoy the music, when you’re sad you understand the lyrics.
When you’ve seen beyond yourself, then you may find, peace of mind is waiting there.
You have to be odd to be number one.
Please all, and you will please none.
The fool wonders, the wise man asks.
A smooth sea never made a skillful sailor.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
A man can’t ride your back unless it’s bent.
Don’t raise your voice. Improve your argument.
Chop your own wood and it will warm you twice.
Some people are so poor, all they have is money.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
It’s so strange that autumn is so beautiful; yet everything is dying.
It’s no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction has to make sense.
The man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
What counts can’t always be counted; what can be counted doesn’t always count. 
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.
Life is not about how fast you run or how high you climb, but how well you bounce.
Concentration is the ability to think about absolutely nothing when it is absolutely necessary.
It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open one’s mouth and remove all doubt.
So it goes.
Live the life you’ve dreamed.
Life is not fair; get used to it.
Life is a long lesson in humility.
Life is a lively process of becoming.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Life is largely a matter of expectation.
Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly.
Don’t wait. Life goes faster than you think.
Be soft. Do not let the world make you hard.
Life is too important to be taken seriously. 
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. 
The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity.
Love the life you live. Lead the life you love.
Life is accepting what is and working from that.
We are all, right now, living the life we choose.
Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued.
Live your life, do your work, then take your hat. 
Life got to be about more than just solving problems.
Life isn’t as serious as the mind makes it out to be.
Life is about making an impact, not making an income.
The quality of life is more important than life itself.
You have to die a few times before you can really live.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage. 
Life is defined more by its risks than by its samenesses.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Sometimes life has its way with you when you least expect it.
Life isn’t about getting and having, it’s about giving and being.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Life is amazing. Life is fucking messy. Life is what you make of it.
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing. 
Only one life that soon is past, only what’s done with love will last.
Don’t be afraid your life will end. Be afraid that it will never begin.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. 
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. 
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on.
Life really does begin at forty. Up until then, you are just doing research. 
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
Life, it seems, is nothing if not a series of initiations, transitions, and incorporations.
Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier. 
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Life is pure adventure, and the sooner we realize that, the quicker we will be able to treat life as art.
I’ve never been poor, only broke. Being poor is a frame of mind. Being broke is only a temporary situation.
Enjoy the little things in life because one day you’ll look back and realize they were the big things.
I think people spend too much time staring into screens and not enough time drinking wine, tongue kissing, and dancing under the moon.
To love is to act.  
All you need is love.
Do all things with love.
Every lover is a soldier.
Who, being loved, is poor? 
Speak low, if you speak love. 
Love is the absence of judgment.
If you wished to be loved, love. 
Love the sinner and hate the sin.
If a thing loves, it is infinite. 
In true love, you attain freedom.
Economized love is never real love.
Love does not dominate; it cultivates. 
The more you judge, the less you love.
Lovers quarrels are the renewal of love.
Life is a game and true love is a trophy.
To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven.
Love is the flower you’ve got to let grow.
If love appears, boundaries will disappear.
Intense love does not measure, it just gives.
They do not love that do not show their love. 
Absence sharpens love, presence strengthens it. 
The more you love, the more you become lovable.
You cannot save people, you can just love them. 
Love is a thing that is full of cares and fears.
It is love alone that gives worth to all things.
Life in abundance comes only through great love. 
Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Never love anyone who treats you like you’re ordinary. 
You give me the kind of feeling people write novels about.
Follow love and it will flee, flee love and it will follow.
Love is like the wind, you can’t see it but you can feel it.
Stay away from people who make you feel like you’re hard to love.
Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood.
Never let an opportunity to tell someone how much they mean to you.
The quickest way to get someone’s attention is to no longer want it.
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Do what you love. Know your own bone; gnaw at it, bury it, unearth it, and gnaw it still.
Love needs great courage. It needs great courage because it needs the sacrifice of the ego.
I don’t have time to worry about who doesn’t like me. I’m too busy loving people who love me.
Do not seek the because – in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions. 
Whoever loves becomes humble. Those who love have, so to speak, pawned a part of their narcissism.
You are enough. 
Nobody is perfect.
Make yourself a priority.
This is who the fuck I am.
Find yourself, and be that.
Different doesn’t mean wrong.
Where’s your will to be weird? 
Above all things, reverence yourself.
Self-respect knows no considerations. 
No one is laughable who laughs at himself. 
Why fit in when you were born to stand out?
Personal love is concentrated universal love. 
You are not designed for everyone to like you.
Accept who you are. Unless you’re a serial killer.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance. 
Whatever makes you weird is probably your greatest asset.
If you are lonely when you’re alone, you are in bad company.
The worst loneliness is not to be comfortable with yourself.
I’m currently under construction. Thank you for your patience.
The reward for conformity is that everyone likes you but yourself.
Be yourself. People don’t have to like you, and you don’t have to care.
Your value doesn’t decrease based on someone’s inability to see your worth.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
I found that there is only one thing that heals every problem, and that is: to know how to love yourself.
Smile, it’s free therapy.
Freedom lies in being bold.
A happy wife is a happy life.
Happiness lies in perspective.
Boredom: the desire for desires.
Do more of what makes you happy.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
The less I needed, the better I felt.
Be happy in the moment, that’s enough.
Happiness can exist only in acceptance.
Man is the artificer of his own happiness.
One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.
To live happily is an inward power of the soul. 
Anything you’re good at contributes to happiness.
A happy soul is the best shield for a cruel world.
There is no way to happiness. Happiness is the way.
Never expect anything. You’ll never be disappointed.
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.  
Happiness is the absence of the pursuit of happiness.
Stay true to you and you will end up incredibly happy.
Happiness is needing less. Unhappiness is wanting more.
If you carry joy in your heart, you can heal any moment.
Life’s greatest happiness is to be convinced we are loved. 
Be happy with what you have. Be excited about what you want.
Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough.
To be content means that you realize you contain what you seek.
Happy are those who dare courageously to defend what they love.
Whatever it is, find something to be excited about for tomorrow.
Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness.
The key to happiness is doing something you like every single day.
We don’t laugh because we’re happy – we’re happy because we laugh.
Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one’s self.
Base your happiness on taking action toward those goals, not on attaining them.
A lifetime of happiness! No man alive could bear it: it would be hell on earth.
Most people have never learned that one of the main aims in life is to enjoy it. 
Happiness cannot be accumulated. What is accumulated is always destructed by time.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
A friend is a second self.
Choose people who lift you up.
Find your tribe. Love them hard.
Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud.
Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes.
Any day spent with you is my favorite day.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Friends are the siblings God never gave us.
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.
The good man is the friend of all living things. 
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives. 
Treasure your relationships, not your possessions. 
Friendship always benefits; love sometimes injures. 
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
Friends? You don’t need more than your few close ones.
Wherever we are, it is our friends that make our world.
It’s a beautiful thing to love others just as they are.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
If you have one true friend you have more than your share.
The real business of life is trying to understand each other.
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges.
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness. 
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.
‘Enough’ is a feast.
Count your blessings.
Be obsessively grateful.
Gratitude changes everything.
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls.
Start each day with a grateful heart.
Joy is the simplest form of gratitude.
Expect nothing and appreciate everything.
A grateful heart is a magnet for miracles.
Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty.
Silent gratitude isn’t very much to anyone.
Don’t forget who was with you from the start.
When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful.
Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.
Pull over to the side of your journey and look how far you’ve come.
How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others.
Kindness is wisdom.
Kindness is contagious.
Fair and softly goes far.
Kindness is always beautiful.
Real kindness seeks no return.
Be gentle first with yourself.
Do small things with great love.
You will never regret being kind.
In the end, only kindness matters.
For it is in giving that we receive.
No one has ever become poor by giving. 
Kind people are the best kind of people.
Kindness is not an act, it’s a lifestyle.
The more sympathy you give, the less you need.
In a world where you can be anything, be kind.
Be kind to unkind people. They need it the most.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Kindness, I’ve discovered, is everything in life.
A warm smile is the universal language of kindness.
Be somebody who makes everybody feel like a somebody.
We are all different. Don’t judge, understand instead.
If you can’t feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
You can accomplish by kindness what you cannot by force.
The end result of kindness is that it draws people to you.
Kindness is like snow – it beautifies everything it covers.
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
It’s nice to be important, but it’s more important to be nice.
Be kinder to yourself. And then let your kindness flood the world.
How do we change the world? One random act of kindness at the time.
I don’t worry about people misinterpreting my kindness for weakness.
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness. 
Do less. Be more.
You are your choices. 
Be true to who you are.
My forte is awkwardness.
We are what we believe we are.
Do as you wish. Be as you are.
It’s ok to put yourself first.
Know who you are and know it’s enough.
The ultimate mystery is one’s own self.
Character is simply habit long continued.
This above all: to thine own self be true. 
Adventure is not outside man; it is within. 
You are who you are when nobody’s watching.
To know oneself, one should assert oneself.
The things that we love tell us what we are.
When I am silent, I have thunder hidden inside.
I may be no better, but at least I am different.
There is no competition because nobody can be me.
I am not the perishable body, but the eternal Self.
What I’m looking for is not out there, it is in me. 
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
Sometimes it’s only madness that makes us what we are.
As long as you can find yourself, you’ll never starve.
Self-esteem is the reputation we acquire with ourselves.
Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is enlightenment. 
The only tyrant I accept in this world is the still voice within.  
Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority.
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Never be an imitator, be always original. Don’t become a carbon copy.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. 
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Dreams don’t work unless you do.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Don’t dream your life, live your dream.
Nothing happens unless first we dream.
The dreamers are the saviors of the world.
If you give up on your dreams, what’s left? Jim Carrey
It may be that those who do most, dream most.
Make your dreams happen. Die with memories, not dreams.
If it’s still in your mind, it is worth taking the risk.
Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity.
I dream. Sometimes I think that’s the only right thing to do.
Dreams are often most profound when they seem the most crazy.
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
You can’t put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams and live the life you have imagined.
You are beautiful.
Be beautiful your own way.
There is beauty in simplicity.
To love beauty is to see light. 
Beauty awakens the soul to act. 
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius.
Beauty is the promise of happiness. 
A beautiful thing is never perfect. 
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.  
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. 
Beauty always promises, but never gives anything. 
The human soul needs actual beauty more than bread. 
Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself. 
I’ve never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful.
If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads. 
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy. 
Sometimes you need to close your eyes to see the real beauty.
For me the greatest beauty always lies in the greatest clarity. 
The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth. 
I don’t think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains. 
You are imperfect, permanently and inevitably flawed. And you are beautiful. 
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched they must be felt with the heart. 
Time is money. 
Time is all we have.
Good things take time.
Time eases all things.
Lost time is never found again. 
Time brings all things to pass.
Time is the wisest counsellor of all.
Time is but the stream I go fishing in.
The trouble is, you think you have time.
Nothing is so dear and precious as time.
Time you enjoy wasting isn’t wasted time.
Time is a game played beautifully by children.
Don’t wait. The time will never be just right.
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst.
It’s not about having time, it’s about making time.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy. 
Taking crazy things seriously is a serious waste of time.
Being rich is having money, being wealthy is having time.
Be patient and tough; one day this pain will be useful to you.
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. 
If you love life, don’t waste time for time is what life is made up of.
Own less. Do more.
Simplify, simplify.
Order brings peace.
More life, less rush.
Buy less, choose well.
Do more of what matters.
Fewer things. More peace.
Brevity is the soul of wit. 
Stop the glorification of busy.
Simplicity is the soul of efficiency.
Once you need less, you will have more.
I make myself rich by making my wants few.
Owning less is better than organizing more.
He is richest who is content with the least.
Learn to say no without explaining yourself.
Who is rich? He that rejoices in his portion. 
Owning less is great, wanting less is better.
Someone else is happy with less than you have.
You don’t need more space. You need less stuff.
Minimalism is not deprivation, it’s liberation.
The most important things in life aren’t things.
A place for everything, everything in its place. 
There is more to life than increasing its speed. 
It is quality rather than quantity that matters. 
The need for less often result in a life of more.
Love people, use things. The opposite never works.
The verbal expression of simplicity is ‘no thanks’.
Remember, you probably already have more than you need.
Owning things has a cost, and money is the least of it.
I was living the American dream and I realized it wasn’t my dream.
Stop pressing rewind on things that should be deleted in your life.
The more possessions you have, the less time you have to enjoy them.
My goal is no longer to get more done, but rather to have less to do.
Being a minimalist means you value yourself more than material things.
Getting all of that stuff out of your life (and your mind) is addictive.
Instead of working so hard to make ends meet, work on having fewer ends.
It’s not the daily increase but daily decrease. Hack away at the unessential.
Minimalism is not about having less, it’s about making room for more of what matters.
Don’t buy shit you don’t need, with money you don’t have, to impress people you don’t like.
Our economy is based on spending billions to persuade people that happiness is buying things.
You don’t need to remove clutter if you don’t let it enter your home or office in the first place.
Stop trying to impress others with the things that you own. Begin inspiring them by the way you live.
What is minimalism then? It’s living lightly and gracefully on the earth. It’s uncovering who you are.
Go to table of contents
No ego, no pain. Chien-ju
What we think, we become. 
I don’t mind what happens.
He who is contented is rich. 
Smile, breathe and go slowly.
Even monkeys fall from trees.
Confine yourself to the present. 
Enough is abundance to the wise. 
Inhale the future. Exhale the past.
He who knows he has enough is rich. 
Wherever you are, be totally there.
Water which is too pure has no fish.
The essence of the Way is detachment.
Neither seek nor avoid, take what comes.
If it comes; let it. If it goes; let it.
Be like a tree. Let the dead leaves drop. 
The greatest achievement is selflessness.
If all you can do is crawl, start crawling.
There are no problems without consciousness. 
The quieter you become, the more you can hear.
If you are too busy to laugh, you are too busy.
When the disciple is ready, the master appears.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. 
The greatest effort is not concerned with results.
Give this moment your attention – and affection.
Who looks outside dreams, who looks inside awakens. 
There is no path to happiness. Happiness is the path. 
Awareness is freedom, it brings freedom, it yields freedom.
The only way you can endure your pain is to let it be painful.
Be not afraid of going slowly, be afraid only of standing still.
Contentment comes not so much from great wealth as from few wants. 
Tension is who you think you should be, relaxation is who you are.
The softest things in the world overcome the hardest things in the world. 
Do not listen with the intent to reply. But with the intent to understand.
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really need.
Open your mouth only if what you are going to say is more beautiful than silence.
Life is now. There was never a time when your life was not now, nor will there ever be.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future. If you are at peace, you are living in the present. 
Peace is every step. Thich Nhat Hahn
My aim in life is not to judge.
A smile is the beginning of peace.
Nonviolence is a weapon of the strong. 
Peace is the only battle worth waging.
Freedom from desire leads to inner peace.
It is possible to choose peace over worry.
There is no way to peace, peace is the way.
Peace is costly but it is worth the expense.
Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err. 
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without. 
Let nothing and no one disturb your inner peace.
Peace and justice are two sides of the same coin.
Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others.
Don’t hurry. Don’t worry. Do your best and let it rest.
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders. 
I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind.
Let loose of what you can’t control. Serenity will be yours.
He is happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home. 
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding. 
When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace.
The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence.
Our task must be to free ourselves by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature and its beauty. 
Time discovers truth. 
Truth is a pathless land.
Seek truth and you will find a path.
Adversity is the first path to truth.
Falsehood is easy, truth so difficult. 
Truth is on the side of the oppressed.
The object of the superior man is truth. 
Be truthful, nature only sides with truth.
There is no truth. There is only perception.
We have art in order not to die of the truth.
Man is the only creature that refuses to be what he is.
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
We search something permanent, something that will last.
Seek not greatness, but seek truth and you will find both. 
To believe in something, and not to live it, is dishonest. 
If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything.
In a time of deceit telling the truth is a revolutionary act.
The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it.
The truth will set you free, but first it will make you miserable.
Do not love leisure. Waste not a minute. Be bold. Realize the Truth, here and now.
Truth is always new. Truth is seeing a smile, a person, life, like if it was the first time.
A man who is protecting himself constantly through knowledge is obviously not a truth-seeker.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter, and those who matter don’t mind.
Know thyself.
Wisdom begins in wonder.
If you judge, investigate. 
Doubt grows with knowledge. 
Everything popular is wrong. 
What you seek is seeking you.
Observe all men, thyself most. 
Doubt is the origin of wisdom.
Nature does nothing uselessly.
Listen to many, speak to a few. 
A closed mouth catches no flies.
Never confuse motion with action. 
I’m wise because I’ve been foolish.
Do what is right, not what is easy.
Silence is true wisdom’s best reply. 
Wisdom comes only through suffering.
An overflow of good converts to bad. 
To find yourself, think for yourself.
My life is perfect even when it’s not.
In teaching others we teach ourselves.
Maturity comes with experience, not age.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
It is better to travel well than to arrive. 
What’s meant to be will always find a way.
Love is too young to know what conscience is. 
Wisely, and slow. They stumble that run fast.  
With wisdom, comes the desire for simplicity.
Wise is he who collects the wisdom of others.
Nothing has more strength than dire necessity. 
He who would travel happily must travel light.
When knowledge becomes rigid, it stops living.
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life.
Memory is the old, and it is afraid of the new.
Nothing external to you has any power over you.
The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness.
Not being able to govern events, I govern myself.
The mind is everything. What you think you become. 
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes. 
I don’t like that man. I must get to know him better. 
Complete abstinence is easier than perfect moderation.
When you give yourself, you receive more than you give.
If you think you know the answer, you’re far from wise.
Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers.
We all make choices, but in the end our choices make us.
I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become. 
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough. 
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know. 
The wisest man is generally he who thinks himself the least so. 
Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have.
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
As far as I’m concerned, I prefer silent vice to ostentatious virtue. 
To become a spectator of one’s own life is to escape the suffering of life. 
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Courage, dear heart.
From caring comes courage.
Don’t stop until you’re proud.
Courage doesn’t always roar.
What keeps me going is goals. 
Life is tough but so you are.
Fortune and love favor the brave.
I’m strong because I’ve been weak.
The best way out is always through.
There is no education like adversity.
One man with courage makes a majority.
I’m fearless because I’ve been afraid.
The pain you feel now, will be a strength after some time.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
Because of a great love, one is courageous.
Tough times never last, but tough people do.
Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks.
He that can have patience can have what he will. 
Rock bottom has built more heroes than privilege.
I’ve never met a strong person with an easy past.
Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember. 
Courage is like a muscle; it is strengthened by use.
It doesn’t matter how slow you go as long as you don’t stop.  
Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.
The weak can never forgive.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
The world breaks everyone, and afterwards many are strong at the broken places.
People cry, not because they’re weak. It’s because they’ve been strong for too long.
Life is very interesting. In the end, some of your greatest pains become your greatest strengths.e
Persevere and get it done.
Never, never, never give up.
Much effort, much prosperity. 
Slow and steady wins the race.
How long should you try? Until.
If you don’t ask, you don’t get.
Nothing worth having comes easy.
I will not walk backward in life.
It’s pain that changes our lives.
Our whole life is solving puzzles.
The struggle is part of the story.
Persevere in virtue and diligence.
Life is short and progress is slow.
No great thing is created suddenly. 
God helps those who help themselves. 
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
Perseverance, secret of all triumphs. 
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
I’m a slow walker, but I never walk back. 
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Never give up on the things that make you smile.
He that can have patience can have what he will. 
A lost battle is a battle one thinks one has lost.
Perseverance is a virtue that cannot be understated.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
You may see me struggle, but you will never see me quit.
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.
Thankfully, persistence is a great substitute for talent.
You get credit for what you finished, not what you started.
I was taught the way of progress is neither swift nor easy.
Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel.
A man will fight harder for his interests than for his rights.
Anyone who has ever made anything of importance was disciplined.
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles.
No matter how you feel, get up, dress up, show up and never give up.
Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion. 
Difficult things take a long time, impossible things a little longer.
It’s not that I’m so smart, it’s just that I stay with problems longer.
A river cuts through a rock not because of its power but its persistence.
The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success.
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other.
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.
It is the cheerful mind that is persevering. It is the strong mind that hews its way through a thousand difficulties.
Belief creates the actual fact.
Believing requires action.
Prayer is man’s greatest power.
To me faith means not worrying.
Set goals. Say prayers. Work hard.
Faith is spiritualized imagination.
Empty yourself and let God fill you.
God gives where he finds empty hands.
Faith is the quiet cousin of courage.
Faith makes things possible, not easy. 
In art as in love, instinct is enough. 
A man of courage is also full of faith.
Faith: not wanting to know what is true.
Unless you believe, you will not understand.
I believe life takes us where we need to be.
The Lord is greater than the giants you face.
If you’re praying about it. God is working on it.
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.
Prayer is to be in love, to be in love with the whole.
Do not pray for an easier life, pray to be a stronger man.
Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into. 
Prayer is the key of the morning and the bolt of the evening. 
When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.
Let life happen to you. Believe me: life is in the right, always.
Faith is believing in something when common sense tells you not to.
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don’t see the whole staircase.
Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence.
Humor comes from self-confidence.
I think you should just go for it.
We are always the same age inside.
Trust is the greatest intelligence.
Confidence is one of the sexiest things.
You have to laugh, especially at yourself.
Confidence is a stain they can’t wipe off.
All anything takes, really, is confidence.
Coffee in one hand. Confidence in the other.
Confidence comes from discipline and training.
A certain death of an artist is overconfidence.
Your energy introduces you before you even speak.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.
As is our confidence, so is our capacity.
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live. 
The most beautiful thing you can wear is confidence.
Talk to yourself like you would to someone you love.
Courage is a mean with regard to fear and confidence.
A tiger doesn’t lose sleep over the opinion of sheep.
Stop doubting yourself, work hard and make it happen.
With confidence, you have won before you have started.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Confidence cannot find a place wherein to rest in safety.
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live. 
Confidence is the most important single factor in this game.
Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings.
All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure.
Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger.
I’m always impressed by confidence, kindness and a sense of humor.
Nothing builds self-esteem and self-confidence like accomplishment.
The hardest step she ever took was to blindly trust in who she was.
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage.
The circulation of confidence is better than the circulation of money.
I have great faith in fools – self-confidence my friends will call it.
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.
Confidence in the goodness of another is good proof of one’s own goodness.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the face. 
Confidence is not ‘they will like me’. Confidence is ‘I’ll be fine if they don’t’.
I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right.
The more you know who you are and what you want, the less you let things upset you.
My confidence comes from the daily grind – training my butt off day in and day out.
A ‘No’ uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a ‘Yes’ merely uttered to please, or worse, to avoid trouble. 
Go wild, for a while.
Creativity takes courage.
An artist is an explorer.
Imagination rules the world.
Be anything but predictable.
Creativity is not a competition.
Zeal will do more than knowledge.
Pure logic is the ruin of the spirit.
Without freedom, there is no creation.
Creativity comes from a conflict of ideas.
The man who has no imagination has no wings. 
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. 
The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt.
The chief enemy of creativity is good sense.
You were born an original, don’t die a copy.
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells.
Name the greatest of all inventors. Accident.
Originality is nothing but judicious imitation.
Creativity is the greatest rebellion in existence.
Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative. 
I begin with an idea, and then it becomes something else.
Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties.
Creativity – like human life itself – begins in darkness.
In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different. 
Mystery is at the heart of creativity. That, and surprise.
No great mind has ever existed without a touch of madness.
A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament. 
The inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses.
There is no innovation and creativity without failure. Period.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.
If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old.
Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
Fashion’s not about looking back. It’s always about looking forward.
The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind.
When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy.
I never made one of my discoveries through the process of rational thinking.
If you want something you never had, you have to do something you’ve never done.
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.
The doer alone learneth.
Be curious. Not judgmental.
Sometimes you win, sometimes you learn.
They know enough who know how to learn.
Life is trying things to see if they work.
The only source of knowledge is experience.
Any fool can know. The point is to understand.
I never learned from a man who agreed with me.
Change is the end result of all true learning.
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
The wise learns many things from their enemies.
As long as you live, keep learning how to live. 
The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding.
Blessed are the curious for they shall have adventures.
The most necessary learning is that which unlearns evil.
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious.
I am learning all the time. The tombstone will be my diploma.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased.
It is only when we forget all our learning that we begin to know.
I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.
Education is soul crafting.
Love is a better teacher than duty.
Nine tenths of education is encouragement. 
Those who know how to think need no teachers. 
It is a wise father that knows his own child. 
The highest result of education is tolerance. 
Teaching is the highest form of understanding.
A book is a dream that you hold in your hands.
Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced.
A student of life considers the world a classroom.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. 
Don’t let schooling interfere with your education.
Children have more need of models than of critics.
Education is the ability to meet life’s situations.
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
The great aim of education is not knowledge but action.
A child educated only at school is an uneducated child.
Teachers open the door, but you must enter by yourself.
Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience.
Experience, travel. These are an education in themselves. 
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
There is no greater education than one that is self-driven.
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned. 
Education is not filling a pail but the lighting of a fire.
I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think.
In this life, all you need is for someone to believe in you.
If you want happiness for a lifetime, help the next generation.
The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled.
Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself.
Educate the children and it won’t be necessary to punish the men.
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
It’s not that hard to stay grounded. It’s the way I was brought up.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.
To be successful in life what you need is education, not literacy and degrees.
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money.
Work without love is slavery.
Don’t be busy, be productive.
Forget shortcuts, work for it.
Work to become, not to acquire.
Well done is better than well said.
Go the extra mile – it’s never crowded.
You have to fight to reach your dream.
Do your duty today and repent tomorrow.
What is once well done is done forever.
Don’t mistake activity with achievement. 
All happiness depends on courage and work. 
You are not your resume, you are your work.
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. 
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
I learned the value of hard work by working hard.
Work hard in silence. Let success make the noise.
Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen.
Work until you no longer have to introduce yourself.
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
The reward of one duty is the power to fulfill another. 
Once you do something you love, you never have to work again.
Nearly everything you do is of no importance, but it is important that you do it. 
Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it. 
Without work, all life goes rotten. But when work is soulless, life stifles and dies.
Never work just for money or power. They won’t save your soul or help you sleep at night.
Leadership is influence.
One must steer, not talk. 
We rise by lifting others.
A leader is a dealer in hope. 
To lead people walk behind them. 
A good example is the best sermon. 
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
The speed of the leader is the speed of the gang.
A ruler should be slow to punish and swift to reward.
He who is not a good servant will not be a good master.
Each person must live their life as a model for others.
Leaders don’t create followers, they create more leaders.
The strength of the group is the strength of the leaders.
You don’t have to hold a position in order to be a leader.
Build your reputation by helping other people build theirs.
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.
When you can’t make them see the light, make them feel the heat.
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others.
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart.
To be a leader, bring certainty, to an environment where there isn’t any.
Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing. 
A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus.
May you live your life as if the maxim of your actions were to become universal law.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
Attitude is everything.
Be groovy or leave, man.
A true man hates no one.
What you are comes to you.
Who sows virtue reaps honor.
Don’t find fault, find a remedy.
A great mind becomes a great fortune. 
Humor is mankind’s greatest blessing.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay. 
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. 
Showing off is the fool’s idea of glory.
Let’s not be narrow, nasty, and negative.
Be someone who you would want to be around.
Energy and persistence conquer all things. 
A great man is always willing to be little.
Ethics is nothing else than reverence for life. 
Humility is the solid foundation of all virtues. 
Goodness is the only investment that never fails.
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.
A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Swallow your pride, you will not die, it’s not poison.
Attention is the rarest and purest form of generosity.
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Don’t talk, act. Don’t say, show. Don’t promise, prove.
Remind yourself that your task is to be a good human being. 
Be careless in your dress if you will, but keep a tidy soul.
Let us train our minds to desire what the situation demands. 
Really great people make you feel that you, too, can become great.
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. 
Being both soft and strong is a combination very few have mastered.
The firm, the enduring, the simple, and the modest are near to virtue. 
Life is good when we think it’s good. Life is bad when we don’t think.
Drop all your scientific attitudes. Become a little more fluid, more melting, more merging. 
Instead of asking ‘what do I want from life?’, a more powerful question is, ‘what does life want from me?’.
To hold a pen is to be at war.
Easy reading is damn hard writing.
Write what should not be forgotten.
The first draft of anything is shit.
An author, behind his words, is naked.
Tears are words that need to be written.
If it sounds like writing, I rewrite it.
Every writer I know has trouble writing.
The wastebasket is a writer’s best friend.
A word after a word after a word is power.
If I don’t write to empty my mind, I go mad.
The best style is the style you don’t notice. 
Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart.
The scariest moment is always just before you start.
A professional writer is an amateur who didn’t quit.
You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you. 
One day I will find the right words, and they will be simple.
We write to taste life twice, in the moment and in retrospect. 
The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
There is no real ending. It’s just the place where you stop the story.
Writing is an exploration. You start from nothing and learn as you go.
The purpose of a writer is to keep civilization from destroying itself.
The most beautiful things are those that madness prompts and reason writes.
There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.
Write with conviction. Pick a side and be bold. And if you’re wrong, admit it.
Imagination is like a muscle. I found out that the more I wrote, the bigger it got.
We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down.
All you have to do is write one true sentence. Write the truest sentence that you know.
Better to write for yourself and hav no public, than to write for the public and have no self.
Change before you have to. Jack Welch
To say goodbye is to die a little. Raymond Chandler
There is nothing so stable as change. Bob Dylan
It is in changing that we find purpose.
Every day is a chance to change your life.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world. 
Our only security is our ability to change.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.
No map is possible because life goes on changing.
If it doesn’t challenge you, it won’t change you.
It is never too late to be what you might have been. 
Change is not merely necessary to life – it is life.
If you want to make enemies, try to change something.
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.
You affect your subconscious mind by verbal repetition.
When you blame others, you give up your power to change.
It is not necessary to change. Survival is not mandatory.
Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays.
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.
To change one’s life: Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly.
Only the new, accepted deeply and totally, can transform you.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes. 
Let your smile change the world, but don’t let the world change your smile.
The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress.
To change the world I have to change myself, break away from my conditioning.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
You can’t start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one.
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do. 
The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.
Much effort, much prosperity. 
Make your life a masterpiece.
Success is the child of audacity.
The best revenge is massive success.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
I never dream of success. I worked for it.
The harder the battle the sweeter the victory.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
The secret of success is constancy of purpose.
What you think today is what you live tomorrow.
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet.
Be content to act, and leave the talking to others.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
No one knows what to say in the loser’s locker room. 
If you have no critics you’ll likely have no success.
Everybody pities the weak; jealousy you have to earn.
The measure of success is happiness and peace of mind.
I couldn’t wait for success, so I went ahead without it.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.
Success is the accumulation of small advantages over time.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people.
Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. 
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
I attribute my success to this – I never gave or took any excuse.
My success isn’t a result of arrogance – it’s a result of belief.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.
I always wanted to be the best and to get the most out of myself.
Success is only meaningful and enjoyable if it feels like your own.
Success is largely a matter of holding on after others have let go.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
I want to be the best, so whatever comes with that, I’ll have to accept.
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day.
I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.
Fear and time are inseparable.
Fear is stupid. So are regrets.
Where fear is, happiness is not. 
Take every chance. Drop every fear.
Fear makes the wolf bigger than he is.
Fear is the voice of the rational mind.
Don’t let anyone ever dull your sparkle.
Fear is destructive; love is a creative energy.
If it scares you, it might be a good thing to try.
Limits, like fear, is often an illusion.
Fear tricks us into living a boring life.
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
People living deeply have no fear of death. 
I’ll tell you what freedom is to me: no fear.
Fear is temporary. Regrets last forever.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will.
Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will.
The constant assertion of belief is an indication of fear.
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
The mind that is always after explanations is an afraid mind.
Sometimes the fear won’t go away, so you’ll have to do it afraid. 
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
Fear has two meanings – Forget Everything And Run or Face Everything And Rise.
Fear is the absence of love. Do something with love, forget about fear. If you love well, fear disappears.
Don’t worry, be happy.
Worry less, smile more.
Pray, and let God worry.
What worries you, masters you.
Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
It’s ok to worry – it means you care. 
The sovereign cure for worry is prayer.
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow.
Most things I worry about never happen anyway.
You can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow.
I never worry about action, but only about inaction.
As a cure for worrying, work is better than whiskey.
A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work.
The mind that is anxious about the future is miserable. 
I try not to worry about things I can’t do anything about.
Worry is a useless mulling over of things we cannot change.
We want predictability, even though it’s impossible to get.
The problem is that worrying doesn’t actually solve anything.
Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning.
Throw off your worries when you throw off your clothes at night.
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy.
My life has been full of terrible misfortunes most of which never happened.
Worry is like a rocking chair: it gives you something to do but never gets you anywhere.
Stumbling is not falling.
I’ll be ok. Just not today.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Better an ‘oops’ than a ‘what if’.
Failure’s a natural part of life.
Giving up is the greatest failure.
Not failure, but low aim, is crime.
If you never try you’ll never know.
I never lose. Either I win or I learn.
Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
Avoiding failure is to avoid progress.
My reputation grows with every failure.
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Reward worthy failure – experimentation.
Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street.
Experience is the name we give to our mistakes. 
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
There are no mistakes or failures, only lessons.
Fear of failure has always been my best motivator.
Failure is not falling down but refusing to get up.
You have to be able to accept failure to get better.
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.
There are some defeats more triumphant than victories.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.
The sooner you fail, the less afraid you are to fail again.
Error is just as important a condition of life as truth. 
Once you can accept failure, you can have fun and success.
Testing leads to failure, and failure leads to understanding.
Ambitious failure, magnificent failure, is a very good thing.
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out. 
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.  
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.
You get knocked down, you get up, brush yourself off, and you get back to work.
I’d rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate.
The only failure one should fear, is not hugging to the purpose they see as best. 
Regrets belong to the past.
Life’s too short for regrets.
Remorse is the poison of life. 
You will never regret being kind.
My head has got regrets, but I haven’t. 
There are no regrets in life, just lessons.
Never regret something that made you smile.
Regret for wasted time is more wasted time. 
Fear is only temporary. Regrets last forever. 
Regrets are ridiculous, so I don’t regret, no.
Regrets are the natural property of grey hairs.
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn’t take.
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way.
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
Never make permanent decisions based on temporary feelings.
Before it’s too late, tell them everything you’ve ever wanted to say.
Never regret anything because one time it was exactly what you wanted.
I don’t regret a thing I’ve done. I only regret the things I didn’t do.
Be so good they can’t ignore you.
Be happy. It drives people crazy.
Silence is the best reply to a fool.
The haters always scream the loudest. Tucker Max
They told me I couldn’t. That’s why I did.
I don’t have to be what you want me to be. 
Your opinion of me doesn’t define who I am.
Hustle until your haters ask if you’re hiring.
Learn not to give a fuck, you will be happier.
To refrain from imitation is the best revenge. 
Have you ever met a hater doing better than you?
I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends. 
You never look good trying to make someone look bad.
Ask for help, they laugh. Do it yourself, they hate.
Haters keep on hating, cause somebody’s gotta do it. 
Always forgive your enemies. Nothing annoys them so much.  
Your love makes me strong, your hate makes me unstoppable. 
If they don’t know you personally, don’t take it personal.
You pick up some fans and a handful of haters along the way. 
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury. 
Dear haters, I’m flattered that I’m a trending topic in your life.
Whenever you are confronted with an opponent. Conquer him with love. 
Don’t worry about those who talk behind your back, they’re behind you for a reason.
A hater is nothing but a fan. They just don’t know how to express it in positive way.
Haters don’t really hate you, they hate themselves. You’re a reflection of what they wish to be.
I’m thankful for all those difficult people in my life, they have shown me exactly who I don’t want to be.
Doubts are death.
Inactivity is death. 
Security is a kind of death. 
My life, my death, my choice.
Death is a debt we all must pay. 
Death is the final wake-up call.
Death, only, renders hope futile. 
Every man dies. Not every man lives.
Death is the beginning of something.
Our business is with life, not death.
I don’t want to die without any scars. 
Death is a distant rumor to the young.
Death is just life’s next big adventure.
Enjoy life now – one day you’ll be dead.
He who doesn’t fear death dies only once.
Grief does not change you, it reveals you.
Death is frightening, and so is Eternal Life. 
The idea is to die young as late as possible.
I would rather die of passion than of boredom.
You cannot save people, you can only love them.
I feel monotony and death to be almost the same. 
If by my life or death I can protect you, I will.
Guilt is perhaps the most painful companion of death. 
A man who won’t die for something is not fit to live.
A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.
Do not fear death so much but rather the inadequate life.
The death of something can become your greatest strength.
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it. 
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely. 
I have no fear of death. More important, I don’t fear life. 
Our dead are never dead to us, until we have forgotten them. 
My fear was not of death itself, but a death without meaning. 
Don’t take life too seriously. You’ll never get out of it alive.  
Death is the only pure, beautiful conclusion of a great passion. 
Take care of your life and the Lord will take care of your death. 
To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure. 
If life must not be taken too seriously, then so neither must death. 
It is not death or pain that is to be dreaded, but the fear of pain or death. 
It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more. 
We all die. The goal isn’t to live forever, the goal is to create something that will. 
Life is too short to wait. 
Life is too short to worry.
Well, you and I only have one life.
Life is too short to be little.
Life is too short to be serious.
Life is too short to be miserable.
Life is too short not to experiment.
Life is short. Do stuff that matters.
Life is too short to even care at all.
Life is a one-time offer. Use it well.
Smile. Life is too short to be unhappy.
Don’t wait. Life goes faster than you think.
Time flies, whether you’re wasting it or not.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
Expect an early death – it will keep you busier.
Life is short. Smile while you still have teeth.
Life is too short to spend it at war with yourself.
Life is so, so short. Bible says it’s like a vapor.
Life is too short to harbor any hostilities towards anybody.
Holding a grudge is letting someone live rent-free in your head.
Be patient and understanding. Life is too short to be vengeful or malicious.
Life is too short to hide your feelings. Don’t be afraid to say what you feel.
Life is so short, so beautiful. Don’t be so serious about the work. Enjoy the life.
Life is too short to worry about stupid things. Have fun. Regret nothing, and don’t let people bring you down.
It's finally time for you to think about just one thing: what makes you happy.
Fortunately, that happensto be a person who feels the same way.
Give yourself the evening off.
Refuse to be put in charge of anything.
Are you thinking about making a change in your personal life? This month is ultimately the time you decided and you made a decision that would stick with you for the rest of your life. You feel emotionally centered and ready for almost anything.
Now is the time to make a change for the better. It starts with thinking globally about the issue and realizing that every second is a gift.
If you are unsure, you might be wise to weigh all your options. Realize that there's nothing wrong with making a bad decision, once in a while.
Today your Venus is showing, which means that you should avoid people who are Scorpio as they may be kindred with you. You know what you need to do. Don't be afraid to look out for you today.
If you think you might have a big decision coming up, then think not about if, but when to take that step. Consider holding off on matters related to reproduction and birth control.
If you think now is the time to do something new, then join the club. If this is something you've already committed to, then your decision has already been made.
Before you know it you will discover something from your childhood, such as a stuffed animal, toy or keepsake, and it will give you pause to how you live your life. You are a strong, sexy beast, so just get serious and make it happen.
It is clear that you will meet something that was lost, and it will take on a new meaning to you. This is better advice than lucky numbers.
If you're feeling doubtful, you should sit for five straight minutes without worrying about the world. When you do answers to questions long held will become more clear.
Keep in mind that your Uranus is rising, which means that you should be wary of women of the sign Libra which is a sign that will be compatible with you.
If you're thinking about investing in real estate, then trust your instincts, if you've thought about the decision enough. If that doesn't make sense for you, then the time is obviously wrong.
Your wise advice is that soon you will uncover a truth that was once considered false, and it will become important to you. Remember that this is your opportunity and no one can take it away from you.
If you're wondering what the point of life is, then you might just be right. This advice is only a guideline, but it is indeed very serious and important.
You should consider someone from your past to suggest to you that you already know the solution. Try out that new restaurant you've been considering. Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right.
It is true that your Jupiter is increasing, which means that you should think about people who are Aquarius who may watch your back, if you've watched theirs.
Are you thinking you might consider exploring a new possibility? Whether you like it or not, the coming week is a turning point and everything will be clear to you. Try to get someone close to help out.
Are you comfortable with the idea of exploring a new possibility? Before next Tuesday or Wednesday will come the time you made the right choice and though it will be uncomfortable, you'll know what to do.
If it feels like time to make a big change in your life, then think not about if, but when to take that step. If there is a nagging doubt, maybe it's for good reason.
Consider making time to reach out to those close to you who may need you. Once you do, things will start to look up for you.
Make time to reach out to those close to you who may need you. If you can, you'll finally be able to realize your potential. You're feeling the urge to nest and take care of yourself, and maybe your family.
This week your Neptune is diminishing, which means that you should keep a lookout for women of the sign Pisces as they might be someone to find comfort in, over the long haul. You know what your heart says. Trust that instinct. Find something that fulfills you and go with it.
Are you considering doing something out of character for you? This month is ultimately the day you become who you are and you'll have to do the right thing.
Seek the advice of someone from your past to help you with what you're going through. If you're ready to make a move, this week is a good time. Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right.
If you think now is the time to do something new, then you might be right. There's no reason to be hasty, but if you've already made up your mind, there's no reason to delay.
It's time to do some volunteer work. This will let settle down, and you'll understand your place in the world. Also, watch out for your health this week. You need to make plans today -- so see if you can grab a colleague or your mate and figure out how the next few months or years are going to look.
Are you going to be making a job move? Ambiguity aside, this will be the right time and you'll know what to do.
If you are unsure of where you'll be in five years, you might be wise to weigh all your options. Come to peace with the fact that everything happens for a reason. It may seem like you've got all the time in the world, but rest assured, your days are numbered.
If you're just not sure what you want from life, then the real question is, what is holding you back. Bear in mind that you will always come out on top as long as you keep trying. It may seem like you've got all the time in the world, but rest assured, your days are numbered.
If you are unsure of where you'll be in five years, you need to have confidence in yourself. Hesitate if you must, but know that you can't control everything.
Are you going to be going back to school? This week you'll find is the day you become who you are and you made a decision that would stick with you for the rest of your life.
Are you considering making a major purchase? The coming week will become a moment you'll remember and you'll know what to do. Try to get someone close to help out.
If you have a choice between two things you have to weigh, you need to have confidence in yourself. Bear in mind that even if you stumble, you can always regain your footing. Nobody is going to tell you what to do. You'll have to decide that for yourself, and today may be your day to decide.
Keep in mind that your Jupiter is showing, which means that you should avoid indiduals who are Pisces who are good people, but they may not be helpful to you, whether or not that seems to make sense.
You may not realize it, but your Jupiter is blossoming, which means that you should watch out for persons of the sign Aries who are likely the sign where you'll find the most comfort. Today is your now. Do it. Seek out something beautiful and keep it for yourself.
If you think you're smart and funny, but don't know how to apply that, then consider taking the advice of someone who knows you, but that you're not all that close with. There's no reason to be hasty, but if you've already made up your mind, there's no reason to delay.
If you have any big plans coming up, then don't put it off. If that doesn't make sense for you, then the time is obviously wrong.
You may not realize it, but your Mars is waxing, which means that you should be wary of persons of the sign Aries as they might be someone to find comfort in. Seize the day. Seek out something beautiful and keep it for yourself.
Why not think about someone from your past to steer you in the wrong direction.
